Add dissect.thumbcache page (#5)
fox-it/dissect-docs: docs/source/projects/dissect.thumbcache/index.rst

dissect.thumbcache
==================

.. button-link:: https://github.com/fox-it/dissect.thumbcache
    :color: primary
    :outline:

    :octicon:`mark-github` View on GitHub

> A Dissect module implementing a parsers for the windows Thumbcache file format.
> This format gets used to store thumbnail information.
> Interestingly, the last entry inside a thumbcache file contains random data.
> This entry is often unused, however the data could be anything that was on that specific space on disk first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Dissect module implementing parsers for the thumbcache of Windows systems.
This is commonly used to see which files were opened on a system.
```

Installation
------------

``dissect.thumbcache`` is available on `PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/dissect.thumbcache/>`_.

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install dissect.thumbcache

This module is also automatically installed if you install the ``dissect`` package.

Usage
-----

> This pacakge is a library which you can use to extract thumbnail images from ``thumbnail_*.idx``.
> 
> .. sphinx_argparse_cli::
>     :module: dissect.thumbcache.tools.extract_images
>     :func: main
>     :prog: thumbcache-extract
>     :hook:
> 
> .. sphinx_argparse_cli::
>     :module: dissect.thumbcache.tools.extract_images_indexed
>     :func: main
>     :prog: thumbcache-extract-indexed
>     :hook:
> 
> Additionally, you can get the entries of a file programatically using:
> 
> .. code-block:: python
> 
>     from dissect.thumbcache.thumbcache_file import ThumbcacheFile
> 
>     path = Path("path/to/thumbcache_file.db")
> 
>     with path.open("rb") as file:
>         cache_file = ThumbcacheFile(file)
>         entries = cache_file.entries()
> 
> Or only the indexed entries:
> 
> .. code-block:: python
> 
>     from dissect.thumbcache.thumbcache import Thumbcache
> 
>     path = Path("path/to/thumbcache_files/")
> 
>     cache = Thumbcache(path=path)
>     entries = list(cache.entries())
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is a library with a few CLI tools, so you primarily interact with it from Python. For example, to access thumbnail entries from ``thumbnail_*.idx`` files:

.. code-block:: python

    from dissect.thumbcache import ThumbcacheFile

    path = Path("path/to/thumbcache_file.db")

    with path.open("rb") as file:
        cache_file = ThumbcacheFile(file)
        entries = cache_file.entries()

Or only the indexed entries:

.. code-block:: python

    from dissect.thumbcache import Thumbcache

    path = Path("path/to/thumbcache_files/")

    cache = Thumbcache(path=path)
    entries = list(cache.entries())
    
Tools
-----

.. sphinx_argparse_cli::
    :module: dissect.thumbcache.tools.extract_images
    :func: main
    :prog: thumbcache-extract
    :hook:

.. sphinx_argparse_cli::
    :module: dissect.thumbcache.tools.extract_images_indexed
    :func: main
    :prog: thumbcache-extract-indexed
    :hook:
```
Notice I also changed the import of the classes. I'll add a comment in the `dissect.thumbcache` repo to add those to the `__init__py.`.
